Version 0.5.1

	- Debian support now has its own additional bootstrap file to be executed
	  automatically when running bootstrap. Will check for GStreamer 1.0
	  and offer to download relevant packages.

	- Including OpenGL GLUT support now requires '--enable-snowmixglut'
	  when running configure. Full OpenGL support can be enabled by:

		./configure --prefix=$prefix --enable-snowmixosmesa --enable-snowmixx11 --enable-snowmixglu -enable-snowmixglut

	- On Mac OS X, a pipeline closing connection to Snowmix output control
	  connection setup by GStreamer shmsrc, would under certain circumstances
	  make Snowmix exit without any explanation. This happened when Snowmix
	  would "send" data to the control connection of the connecting shmsrc
	  and the shmsrc had broken the connection. Due to OS X not supporting
	  MSG_NO_SIGNAL, a SIGPIPE would make Snowmix exit without warnings.
	  Snowmix now correctly sets the socket option SO_NOSIGPIPE for OS X and
	  catches the signal and closing the socket nicely. Linux just sets
	  MSG_NOSIGNAL flag when sending. This bugfix has also been implemented
	  on the feed control connection although so far, the bug has not been
	  reproduced on OS X on the fed control connection.

	- Deleting a loaded image or loading an image into an already used image id,
	  would leak memory. This is now fixed. This is a bugfix.

	- Error in CCairoGraphic::OverlayText() and UTF8Bytes() would in some cases
	  lead to incorrect fewer number of characters being overlayed when using
	  "text grow" combined with a string containing multibyte charaters. In
	  some cases libPango would object to malformed UTF8 string with a for Snowmix
	  unpredictable result. This is a bugfix.

	- In addition to loading PNG images WITH an alpha channel/layer, Snowmix now
	  also support loading PNG images without an alpha channel/layer.

	- The command "text backgr rgb" with argument would switch the green and blue
	  value. The correct order is red, green and blue. This is a bugfix.

	- For Mac OS X, updating bootstrap-OSX for GStreamer 1.6.3 and MacPort 2.3.4.

	- The tcl command "snowmix info xxxx ids" would in many cases overwrite memory
	  unintended for image load, test, shape, virtual feed, feed, audio feed,
	  audio mixer and audio sink leading to unpredictable results, usually a crash.
	  This is a bugfix.

	- Clipping of audio was detected as being outside the range of -32768 to 32767.
	  The valid range for audio with no clipping is now set to -32767 to 32767.
	  The previous range is not considered a bug and the change is as such just
	  a minor adjustment.

	- When having a source in CAudioMixer with fewer channels than the mixer
	  itself, the mixer would, if volume of the source for the mixer was different
	  from 1.0, for some samples of the source frequently multiply the volume
	  to the source more than once. This was most clearly heard as clicking when volume for
	  the source in CAudioMixer was set beyond 1.0 and very clearly heard when
	  volume was set above 1.2-1.3. If volume was set to 1.3, then for most samples for
	  the source these would be multiplied by 1.3, but some every now and then would
	  be multiplied by 1.3*1.3. This is a bugfix.

	- Adding/mixing  multiple sources in CAudioMixer would not correctly set
	  newbuf->clipped to 100, if result exceeded +-32767, but it was rather set
	  to true (=1) thus mostly avoiding detection of clipping. This is a bugfix.

	- Adding a new option for the snowmix command of the  embedded interpreter.
	  The command can be used to import settings and states from the output
	  modules of Snowmix into the embedded Interpreter. The syntax of the
	  new command option is:

		snowmix info output ((info | status) [ format ]) | syntax

	  One way to use the command can be like this:

		tcl eval snowmix message [snowmix info output info]

	- The command "tcl help" would print lines for "snowmix info shapes" and
	  "snowmix info system" twice and the second print was not correct. Seconds
	  removed. Cosmetic change.

	- The command "audio feed delay <feed id> <ms>" would print to stderr, aka
	  the Snowmix console instead of the controller issuing the command. Verbose
	  mode for audio feed is needed. This is a bugfix.

	- The command "audio sink status" was missing a parameter name "queue" in
	  the format list included in the beginning of the list. This is a bugfix.

	- The tcl command "snowmix info audio mixer source extended format" was missing
	  the parameter name delay in its list. When using the format list to
	  index output from "snowmix info audio mixer source extended ..." it
	  would lead to a misinterpretation of the data. This is a bugfix.

	- The tcl command "snowmix info audio mixer source info ..." would return an
	  unbalanced tcl list if any of the mixer sources had a source map configured.
	  This is a bugfix.

	- The tcl command "snowmix info audio mixer source" would print signed/unsigned instead
	  of muted/unmuted and it would print the value for signed/unsigned. Should be
	  the value for muted/unmuted. This is a bugfix.

	- The tcl command "snowmix info audio mixer source ..." would miss a space between an
	  ending '}' and a starting '{' and mess up the use of this list if used as a list in
	  tcl. This is a bugfix.

	- The tcl commands "snowmix info audio feed status ..." and "snowmix info audio sink status ..."
          would print signed/unsigned instead of muted/unmuted. It would also return a malformed tcl
	  list with unbalanced '{}'. This is a bugfix.

	- The tcl command "snowmix info audio mixer source extended ..." would access sample_count
	  of an audio queue, also when none was appointed leading to a NULL pointer seg fault.
	  This is a bugfix.

	- Setting the Windows attribute override_redirect to true should now make the glx
	  COpenglVideo class bypass the window manager. Enhancement.

        - Update to slib/scenes.slib. SceneSetFrameActive used to set or list active frame/frames.
          Used without arguments, it will list the all frame states for all scenes.
          Used with scene_id as argument, it will list all frame state for that scene
          Used with scene_id and frame_id as argument, it will list frame state for that scene and
	  that frame. Enhancement. The syntax is:

                SceneSetFrameActive [ scene_id [ frame_id [ active silent ] ] ]

	- Adding support for compiling Snowmix with Cairo Graphics older than version 1.10. This
	  however limits the list of Cairo Graphics Operators. See http://cairographics.org/operators/

	- In configure.ac we now actually test for libtcl8.6, libtcl8.5 and libtcl in that order
	  instead of just assuming it existence from location of header files.

	- Adding freebsd as platform to configure.ac. Used for PCBSD.

Version 0.5.0.1 and 0.5.1

	- Adding xfc4-terminal and lxterm to possible terminal emulators for the demo script.
	  Enhancement.

        - The images/CS directory was not installed rendering the demo example for ini/sapphire-basis
          flawed when using the scene tab in snowcub. Bugfix.

	- The script scripts/av_output2screen used 'nc' rather than $NC. Potential stall on some systems.
	  Bugfix.

	- The script scripts/demo installed as snowmix_demo is missing a '&' preventing the demo script
	  from working correctly on Linux/*nix systems (except MacOSX) if gnome-terminal is not installed.
	  https://sourceforge.net/p/snowmix/discussion/Snowmix_Support_Forum/thread/551db9a7/
	  Bugfix.

	- The line with 'audiorate' in the script av_output2screen would in some cases stall the
	  pipeline. The line has now been removed although on some systems it may be needed to
	  avoid clicking sounds building up over time where the audio device is running
	  slightly faster than system clock. Seen on Macs and some Linux systems. Sort of
	  a bugfix.
