Script files for Snowmix
------------------------

Copyright 2013 Peter Maersk-Moller

This directory contains a couple of scripts that facilitate input and output
of audio and video streams for Snowmix. The scripts are intended as examples
for the user on how to input and output streams to Snowmix. Hopefully the
examples will be inspiration for the user to create his or her own special
purpose written scripts.

Most scripts require the environment variable SNOWMIX to list the installed
Snowmix directory. Typically you will want to the following line to the
.profile, .bashrc or .bash_profile in your home directory:

  export SNOWMIX=/usr/local/lib/Snowmix-0.4.6

where SOME_PATH is the path to the Snowmix directory. Most scripts will
include the two script files gstreamer-settings and snowmix-settings. For
more information on the specific scripts other than found in this file,
please see the scripts them selves. Some may contain additional information.
Most scripts will only work if you have GStreamer installed.

SCRIPTS:
---------

demo: A demo script to run various Snowmix setups and snowcub.tcl management
	panel.

find_xinetd : A specialized scripts used to identify processes feeding audio
	or video to Snowmix and started by xinetd. This is only usefull if
	you have configured xinetd to feed streams received over the network
	to Snowmix.

gstreamer-settings : A script that sets up a number of variables depending
	on your version of gstreamer installed.

input2feed : Used for demo purpose to feed an example audio and video stream
	into Snowmix. If you need to feed a stream to Snowmix, this is a good
	starting point for inspiration. Requires a running Snowmix session to
	work.

output2dummy : This script will connect to a running Snowmix session and receive
	mixed video frames as fast as possible and dump these frames. Snowmix
	does not do any video mixing if there is no process reading the mixed
	frames. Requires a running Snowmix session to work.

output2file : This script will connect to a running Snowmix session and receive
	mixed video frames as fast as possible, encode the frames using x264
	and save the result in a file named snowmix-1.mp4. If the file exist
	the file will be named snowmix-2.mp4 and so forth.  Requires a running
	Snowmix session to work.


output2rtp : This script will connect to a running Snowmix session and receive
	mixed video frames as fast as possible, encode the frames using x264
	and output h264 encoded video as udp rtp packets to an address an a
	port specified in the script.  Requires a running Snowmix session to
	work.

output2screen : This script will connect to a running Snowmix session and
	receive mixed video frames as fast as possible and output the frames
	to the screen using autovideosink.  Requires a running Snowmix session
	to work.

saphire_simulation: A script to simulate input data for the Sapphire launch.

snowmix-settings : This script, included in many other scripts will probe a
	running Snowmix session for feed geometry, system geometry, system
	video rate, audio feed and sink rate, audio feed and sink channels
	and a few other things and make the values availble through variables.
	Requires a running Snowmix session to work.
